Rewrite symbol management system (#543)
ethteck/splat: docs/Segments.md

      - [0x2C6B0, .rodata, libultra/audio/init_15550]
      # -- snip --
```

### `prioritized_segments`

A list of top-level segments.

This segment is allowed to "see" the symbols from the segments on that list, even if it shouldn't given their `exclusive_ram_id`.

This also allows control over how to disambiguate references over multiple overlay segments with overlaping addresses.

> Note the visibility is unidirectional, if you want both segments to see each other then you need to add a `prioritized_segments` on both listing the other segment's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the visibility is unidirectional; if you want two segments to see each other, you need to add a `prioritized_segments` on both, listing each other's names.
```
